Added Flagger docs and links (#214)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/guides/integrations/flagger.md

---
title: "Integrate Flagger with OSM"

> description: "A simple demo showing how OSM integrates with Prometheus for metrics"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A simple demo showing how OSM integrates with Flagger"
```

aliases: "/docs/guides/integrations/demo_flagger"
type: docs
weight: 4
---

# Integrate Flagger with OSM

> To add additional automation around OSM's use of the [Service Mesh Interface](smi-spec.io) [Traffic Split](https://github.com/servicemeshinterface/smi-spec/blob/v0.6.0/apis/traffic-split/v1alpha4/traffic-split.md) functionality, OSM has provided integration with the [Flagger](https://www.weave.works/oss/flagger/) project developed by [WeaveWorks](https://www.weave.works/).

Reviewer: (smi-spec.io) link doesn't work please fix it

Reviewer: (https://github.com/servicemeshinterface/smi-spec/blob/v0.6.0/apis/traffic-split/v1alpha4/traffic-split.md)

OSM supports only v1alpha2 of traffic split maybe update this link to point to that ?
